Add new para <SecureSocketsLayer>to Set-SPPeoplePickerConfig and Add-SPPeoplePickerSearchADDomain (#508)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-server-ps/sharepoint-server/Add-SPPeoplePickerSearchADDomain.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecureSocketsLayer

> Whether the new added forest or domain should enable Secure LDAP (LDAPS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the newly added forest or domain should enable Secure LDAP (LDAPS).
```
